RESEARCH PARTICIPANT CONSENT FORM {#research-participant-consent-form style="padding-left: 10px; text-align: center"}
---------------------------------

*Feedback Design for Sustainable Home Energy Management\
PI: Sabine Brunswicker, Technology Leadership and Innovation\
Co-PIs: Dr. Leigh Raymond, Political Science, and Marlen Promann,
Computer Graphics Technology\
Purdue University\
**\#IRB-2019-540**\
*

### Key Information

Please take time to review this information carefully. This is a
research study. Your participation in this study is voluntary which
means that you may choose not to participate at any time. You may ask
questions to the researchers about the study whenever you would like. If
you decide to take part in the study, you will be asked to sign this
form, be sure you understand what you will do and any possible risks or
benefits. The purpose of this research is to learn about how people make
energy-related decisions. Study will last no more than 60 minutes.

### What is the purpose of this study?

The purpose of this study is to pilot the instructions, verbiage, and
interactions of a study planned to research how people make
energy-related decisions in a group environment. We would like to enroll
up to 50 people in this pilot.

### What will I do if I choose to be in this study?

Your participation will engage you in an energy conservation game with
simulated players and give us feedback at every step of the way. Please
notify us of all issues (technical, linguistic, comprehension, etc.),
questions, or concerns you may have about any part of out study.

You will first read the instructions on how to play the game and you'll
be asked to answer a few questions about the instructions to make sure
you understood the rules of the game. Then you will complete one or more
games in which you will make decisions as a resident of a group of
households trying to achieve an energy conservation goal. Depending on
your energy choices and those of others, you will earn a smaller or
larger financial bonus.

### What are the possible risks or discomfort

Breach of confidentiality is a potential risk for all research. The
researchers have taken actions to minimize this risk. The safeguards to
prevent such a risk can be found in the Confidentiality section of the
form. There are no additional risks from the study more serious than
those in everyday life.

### Are there any potential benefits?

Despite the game instructions promising a carbon offset, there will not
be any such benefit during this pilot. Actual air pollution reduction
benefits will be used when the study is finalized and launched for data
collection.

### What alternatives are available

You may choose not to participate in this study.

### Will I receive payment or other incentive?

You will earn a \$10 Amazon voucher from participating in this study.
Depending on your decisions and those of the other participants in the
task during the exercise, you may earn additional funds.

### Will information about me and my participation be kept confidential

You will not be asked to provide your name or any other identifying
information during the study. Data from these experiments will be
retained electronically on a password protected computer, identified
only by participant numbers (anonymized strings with no personal
information), and accessed only by members of the research team. Your
voice will be marked and transcribed. No personal data will be
collected. This data will be retained past the end of the project for
replicability of any published results and possible future analysis. The
project's research records may be reviewed by the National Science
Foundation and by departments at Purdue University responsible for
regulatory and research oversight.

### What are my rights if I take part in this study

Your participation in this study is voluntary. You may choose not to
participate or, if you agree to participate, you can withdraw your
participation at any time without penalty.

**If you have questions, comments or concerns about this research
project**, you can talk to one of the researchers via email:
<opendigital@purdue.edu>. If you have questions about your rights while
taking part in the study or have concerns about the treatment of
research participants, please call the Human Research Protection Program
at [(765) 494-5942](tel:765-494-5942), email (<irb@purdue.edu>) or
report anonymously via Purdue's Hotline:
[www.purdue.edu/hotline.](https://purdue.edu/hotline)

### Documentation of Informed Consent

I HAVE HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO READ THIS CONSENT FORM AND HAVE THE
RESEARCH STUDY EXPLAINED. I AM PREPARED TO PARTICIPATE IN THE RESEARCH
STUDY DESCRIBED ABOVE. I CAN REQUEST A COPY OF THIS INFORMED CONSENT
DOCUMENT FOR MY OWN RECORDS. BY SIGNING IN THE BOX BELOW AND CLICKING
THE FOLLOWING LINK, I AGREE TO PARTICIPATE IN THE STUDY DESCRIBED ABOVE.

<div id="signature-pad" class="signature-pad">

<div class="signature-pad--body" style="border: 1px solid #aaa;">

</div>

<div class="signature-pad--footer">

<div class="description" style="text-align: center; color: #8d8d8d;">

Sign above

</div>

<div class="signature-pad--actions">

<div class="text-right" role="group">

Clear
I agree

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------- ---------------------------------------
  page\_title   `'Research Participant Consent Form'`
  progress      `'Consent'`
  ------------- ---------------------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Consent

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Instruction: Game Outline {#instruction-game-outline .card-title}
=========================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

Many communities in the US are trying to use less energy. In this
experiment, you will play an energy conservation game with other
players. Before you play the game you will review the following:

1.  Instructions on how to play the energy conservation game.
2.  Example scenarios of different game outcomes.
3.  A trial game (just 2 decision rounds)
4.  A comprehension quiz (including payments for correct answers).

**Please read the following rules carefully**, because they will
influence how large a payment you earn at the end.

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-1 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-1 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------- -------------------------------
  page\_title   `'Instruction: Game Outline'`
  progress      `'Introduction'`
  ------------- -------------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-1 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Introduction

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Instruction: Game Structure and Incentives {#instruction-game-structure-and-incentives .card-title}
==========================================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

<div class="row">

<div class="col-xs-6 col-sm-6 col-md-6 col-lg-6">

### Game Structure

In this energy conservation game, you and [24]{.game-variable} other
players live in an apartment building that is **trying to reduce the
excess energy use by** [60%]{.game-variable}.

You have [6]{.game-variable} months ([6]{.game-variable} decision
rounds) to try to achieve it.

Your decisions affect both: **your cash earnings** from the experiment,
and **actual air pollution in the US**.

Note that all money dedicated to energy conservation will be **invested
through Carbonfund.org** to a program that actually eliminates pollution
from the air in the US.

</div>

<div class="col-xs-6 col-sm-6 col-md-6 col-lg-6">

![Responsive image](/static/assets/environmental-impact.jpg){.img-fluid}

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-2 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-2 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ----------------- ------------------------------------------------
  game\_players     `24`
  game\_rounds      `6`
  page\_title       `'Instruction: Game Structure and Incentives'`
  progress          `'Introduction'`
  reduction\_goal   `60`
  ----------------- ------------------------------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-2 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Introduction

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Instruction: Introduction {#instruction-introduction .card-title}
=========================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

-   There are **[24]{.game-variable} players** who live in the same
    housing community.

-   At the start of each month, each player has **[10]{.game-variable}
    energy tokens** (worth **\$[0.01]{.game-variable} each**) that
    represent potential energy use beyond their basic needs.

-   Each month, every player faces the same decision problem how much
    energy to use for their personal benefit (by putting tokens in their
    [private account]{.font-bold .color-private}) versus how much to
    conserve (by putting tokens in the [group conservation
    account]{.font-bold .color-conserve}).

-   **Players will be paid** the value of all energy tokens in their
    private account at the end of the game.

-   If the group meets the [60%]{.game-variable} conservation goal by
    the end of the game, then the value of those tokens in the group
    conservation account is doubled and given in equal shares to all
    players as a **reward**.

-   To meet the [60%]{.game-variable} energy reduction goal, each player
    should contribute **[6]{.game-variable} energy tokens every month**
    to the group conservation account.

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-3 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-3 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ----------------------- -------------------------------
  game\_players           `24`
  game\_rounds            `6`
  game\_tokens            `10`
  optimal\_contribution   `'6'`
  page\_index             `2`
  page\_title             `'Instruction: Introduction'`
  progress                `'Introduction'`
  reduction\_goal         `60`
  token\_goal             `900`
  token\_value            `0.01`
  ----------------------- -------------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-3 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Introduction

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Instruction: Gameplay {#instruction-gameplay .card-title}
=====================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

<div class="row">

<div class="col">

-   **In each month** all players are asked simultaneously: "How much
    energy do you want to contribute to group conservation account this
    month?"\
    You may choose to contribute anywhere from [0]{.game-variable} to
    [10]{.game-variable} of your monthly energy tokens.\
    The remaining tokens will be put in your private account.

-   **After each month** (once all players have made their choices) the
    month's results will be displayed to all players. You'll get updates
    on the **group conservation account**, other player's contributions,
    and your private account. This feedback is anonymized.

-   **At the end of the game** (after [6]{.game-variable} months) each
    player will be paid based on the rules described on the next page.

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-4 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-4 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ----------------------- ---------------------------
  game\_players           `24`
  game\_rounds            `6`
  game\_tokens            `10`
  optimal\_contribution   `'6'`
  page\_title             `'Instruction: Gameplay'`
  progress                `'Introduction'`
  reduction\_goal         `60`
  token\_value            `0.01`
  ----------------------- ---------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-4 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Introduction

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Instruction: Financial Outcomes {#instruction-financial-outcomes .card-title}
===============================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

<div class="my-5 flex flex-row flex-center">

<div
class="model-card flex flex-vcenter text-center flex-center flex-item color-private bc-inherit">

Tokens in Private Account

</div>

<div class="icon-type">

+

</div>

<div
class="model-card flex flex-vcenter text-center flex-center flex-item color-conserve bc-inherit">

Group Conservation Bonus

</div>

<div class="icon-type">

=

</div>

<div
class="model-card flex flex-vcenter text-center flex-center flex-item">

Your pay at the end of the game.

</div>

</div>

<div class="row">

<div class="col">

-   Regrdless of the group goal, all players receive
    [\$0.01]{.game-variable} for every energy token left in their
    [private accounts]{.color-private .font-bold} at the end of the
    game.

-   If the [[60]{.game-variable .color-conserve}% group conservation
    ]{.color-conserve .font-bold}goal is met (i.e., there are at least
    [900]{.game-variable} tokens in the group conservation account at
    the end of the game), then the building owner doubles the monetary
    value of the conserved tokens and divides them equally among
    all[24]{.game-variable} players as a bonus.

    > For example, if [900]{.game-variable} tokens are contributed to
    > the group conservation account, each player will receive an
    > additional bonus pay of \$0.72, which is their equal share of the
    > \$18 group bonus (\$18.00 = [900]{.game-variable} tokens in the
    > group conservation account × [2]{.game-variable} ×
    > [\$0.01]{.game-variable} per token).

-   If the group fails to meet its group conservation goal, **no bonus**
    will be paid to any player.

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-5 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-5 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ----------------------- -------------------------------------
  game\_players           `24`
  game\_rounds            `6`
  game\_tokens            `10`
  optimal\_contribution   `'6'`
  page\_title             `'Instruction: Financial Outcomes'`
  progress                `'Introduction'`
  reduction\_goal         `60`
  token\_goal             `900`
  token\_value            `0.01`
  ----------------------- -------------------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-5 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Introduction

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Instruction: Environmental Outcomes {#instruction-environmental-outcomes .card-title}
===================================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

<div class="my-5 flex flex-row flex-center">

<div
class="model-card flex flex-vcenter text-center color-conserve bc-inherit flex-center flex-item">

Tokens in Group Conservation Account

</div>

<div class="icon-type">

x

</div>

<div
class="model-card flex flex-vcenter text-center color-private bc-inherit flex-center flex-item">

\$0.01

</div>

<div class="icon-type">

=

</div>

<div
class="model-card flex flex-vcenter text-center color-carbon bc-inherit flex-center flex-item">

Carbon Offset

</div>

</div>

<div class="row">

<div class="col">

-   The monetary value of the energy tokens in the [group conservation
    account]{.color-conserve .font-bold} at the end of the game will
    used to pay for programs through Carbonfund.org that reduce air
    pollution in the US at the rate of 220 pounds for each 100 tokens
    (\$1.00).

-   All contributions to the conservation account will go toward
    [pollution reduction]{.color-carbon .font-bold}, even if the group
    does not meet its conservation goal.

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-6 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-6 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ----------------------- -----------------------------------------
  game\_players           `24`
  game\_rounds            `6`
  game\_tokens            `10`
  optimal\_contribution   `'6'`
  page\_title             `'Instruction: Environmental Outcomes'`
  progress                `'Introduction'`
  reduction\_goal         `60`
  token\_value            `0.01`
  ----------------------- -----------------------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-6 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Introduction

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Examples: Overview {#examples-overview .card-title}
==================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

<div class="explanation-content bc-inherit color-cyan shadow-md">

Next, we'll show you 5 examples of how the game might be played and what
the results would look like in each scenario.

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-7 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-7 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------- ------------------------
  page\_title   `'Examples: Overview'`
  progress      `'Examples'`
  ------------- ------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-7 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Examples

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Examples: 1. Minimum Requirement {#examples-1.-minimum-requirement .card-title}
================================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

Scenario
Private Account
Other Accounts
Group Account
Bonus
Total
[✔]{.color-success style="margin-left:-1em;font-family: monospace"}
**ALL CONTRIBUTE 60%:**\
ALL contribute 6 tokens each month
24 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.24]{.font-italic}
24 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.24]{.font-italic}
900 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[1,980 lbs]{.font-italic}
2×9.00÷25\
=[\$0.72]{.font-italic}
0.24+0.72\
[= **\$0.96**]{}
[X]{.color-red
style="margin-left:-1em;font-size: 1em;font-family: monospace;font-weight: bold;"}
**MIN CONTRIBUTION:**\
ALL put ALL tokens in\
private accounts each month
60 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.60]{.font-italic}
60 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.60]{.font-italic}
0 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[0 lbs]{.font-italic}
No Bonus\
[-]{}
0.60+0.00\
= **\$0.60**
[✔]{.color-success style="margin-left:-1em;font-family: monospace"}
**MAX CONTRIBUTION:**\
ALL contribute ALL tokens each month
0 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.00]{.font-italic}
0 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.00]{.font-italic}
1,500 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[3,300 lbs]{.font-italic}
2×15.00÷25\
= \$1.20
0.00+1.20\
= **\$1.20**
[X]{.color-red
style="margin-left:-1em;font-size: 1em;font-family: monospace;font-weight: bold;"}
**ONLY YOU CONTRIBUTE:**\
You contribute ALL tokens\
but others keep ALL of theirs
0 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.00]{.font-italic}
0 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.60]{.font-italic}
60 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[132 lbs]{.font-italic}
No Bonus\
-
0.00+0.00\
= **\$0.00**
[✔]{.color-success
style="margin-left:-1em;font-family: monospace"}**ONLY YOU DON'T
CONTRIBUTE:**\
EVERYONE except you contributes\
ALL of their tokens each month
60 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.60]{.font-italic}
0 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.00]{.font-italic}
1,440 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[3,168 lbs]{.font-italic}
2×14.40÷25\
= \$1.15
0.60+1.15\
= **\$1.75**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="explanation-content bc-inherit shadow-md">

Example 1 benchmarks the minimum conservation needed for the group to
meet the goal and for the players to get a bonus.

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-8 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-8 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  classes       `{'row1': '', 'row2': 'hide', 'row3': 'hide', 'row4': 'hide', 'row5': 'hide'}`
  game\_goal    `'60'`
  page\_title   `'Examples: 1. Minimum Requirement'`
  progress      `'Examples'`
  ------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-8 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Examples

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Examples: 2 and 3. Min and Max Conservation {#examples-2-and-3.-min-and-max-conservation .card-title}
===========================================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

Scenario
Private Account
Other Accounts
Group Account
Bonus
Total
[✔]{.color-success style="margin-left:-1em;font-family: monospace"}
**ALL CONTRIBUTE 60%:**\
ALL contribute 6 tokens each month
24 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.24]{.font-italic}
24 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.24]{.font-italic}
900 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[1,980 lbs]{.font-italic}
2×9.00÷25\
=[\$0.72]{.font-italic}
0.24+0.72\
[= **\$0.96**]{}
[X]{.color-red
style="margin-left:-1em;font-size: 1em;font-family: monospace;font-weight: bold;"}
**MIN CONTRIBUTION:**\
ALL put ALL tokens in\
private accounts each month
60 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.60]{.font-italic}
60 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.60]{.font-italic}
0 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[0 lbs]{.font-italic}
No Bonus\
[-]{}
0.60+0.00\
= **\$0.60**
[✔]{.color-success style="margin-left:-1em;font-family: monospace"}
**MAX CONTRIBUTION:**\
ALL contribute ALL tokens each month
0 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.00]{.font-italic}
0 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.00]{.font-italic}
1,500 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[3,300 lbs]{.font-italic}
2×15.00÷25\
= \$1.20
0.00+1.20\
= **\$1.20**
[X]{.color-red
style="margin-left:-1em;font-size: 1em;font-family: monospace;font-weight: bold;"}
**ONLY YOU CONTRIBUTE:**\
You contribute ALL tokens\
but others keep ALL of theirs
0 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.00]{.font-italic}
0 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.60]{.font-italic}
60 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[132 lbs]{.font-italic}
No Bonus\
-
0.00+0.00\
= **\$0.00**
[✔]{.color-success
style="margin-left:-1em;font-family: monospace"}**ONLY YOU DON'T
CONTRIBUTE:**\
EVERYONE except you contributes\
ALL of their tokens each month
60 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.60]{.font-italic}
0 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.00]{.font-italic}
1,440 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[3,168 lbs]{.font-italic}
2×14.40÷25\
= \$1.15
0.60+1.15\
= **\$1.75**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="explanation-content bc-inherit shadow-md">

In examples 2 and 3 we show outcome of the:

**MINIMUM CONTRIBUTION** where ALL players put ALL their tokens into
their own private accounts,\

while the **MAXIMUM CONTRIBUTION** is when ALL players contribute ALL
their energy tokens to the conservation account.

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-9 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-9 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  classes       `{'row1': 'text-muted', 'row2': '', 'row3': '', 'row4': 'hide', 'row5': 'hide'}`
  page\_title   `'Examples: 2 and 3. Min and Max Conservation'`
  progress      `'Examples'`
  ------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-9 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Examples

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Examples: 4 and 5. Only You and Everyone But You {#examples-4-and-5.-only-you-and-everyone-but-you .card-title}
================================================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

Scenario
Private Account
Other Accounts
Group Account
Bonus
Total
[✔]{.color-success style="margin-left:-1em;font-family: monospace"}
**ALL CONTRIBUTE 60%:**\
ALL contribute 6 tokens each month
24 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.24]{.font-italic}
24 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.24]{.font-italic}
900 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[1,980 lbs]{.font-italic}
2×9.00÷25\
=[\$0.72]{.font-italic}
0.24+0.72\
[= **\$0.96**]{}
[X]{.color-red
style="margin-left:-1em;font-size: 1em;font-family: monospace;font-weight: bold;"}
**MIN CONTRIBUTION:**\
ALL put ALL tokens in\
private accounts each month
60 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.60]{.font-italic}
60 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.60]{.font-italic}
0 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[0 lbs]{.font-italic}
No Bonus\
[-]{}
0.60+0.00\
= **\$0.60**
[✔]{.color-success style="margin-left:-1em;font-family: monospace"}
**MAX CONTRIBUTION:**\
ALL contribute ALL tokens each month
0 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.00]{.font-italic}
0 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.00]{.font-italic}
1,500 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[3,300 lbs]{.font-italic}
2×15.00÷25\
= \$1.20
0.00+1.20\
= **\$1.20**
[X]{.color-red
style="margin-left:-1em;font-size: 1em;font-family: monospace;font-weight: bold;"}
**ONLY YOU CONTRIBUTE:**\
You contribute ALL tokens\
but others keep ALL of theirs
0 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.00]{.font-italic}
0 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.60]{.font-italic}
60 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[132 lbs]{.font-italic}
No Bonus\
-
0.00+0.00\
= **\$0.00**
[✔]{.color-success
style="margin-left:-1em;font-family: monospace"}**ONLY YOU DON'T
CONTRIBUTE:**\
EVERYONE except you contributes\
ALL of their tokens each month
60 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.60]{.font-italic}
0 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[\$0.00]{.font-italic}
1,440 [tokens]{.text-small}\
[3,168 lbs]{.font-italic}
2×14.40÷25\
= \$1.15
0.60+1.15\
= **\$1.75**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="explanation-content bc-inherit shadow-md">

Examples 4 and 5 show the result of unequal contribution where either:

ONLY YOU CONTRIBUTE by giving ALL of your tokens to group conservation
account, while ALL others do not contribute at all

or where ONLY YOU DON'T CONTRIBUTE meaning you do not give any of your
energy tokens to the group conservation account, but ALL OTHER players
contribute ALL of theirs.

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-10 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-10 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  classes       `{'row1': 'text-muted', 'row2': 'text-muted', 'row3': 'text-muted', 'row4': '', 'row5': ''}`
  page\_title   `'Examples: 4 and 5. Only You and Everyone But You'`
  progress      `'Examples'`
  ------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-10 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Examples

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Practice: Game Intro {#practice-game-intro .card-title}
====================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

<div class="row">

<div class="col font-bold">

Now, we'll ask you to play 2 practice rounds so that you can get
familiar with the game set up.

Remember, the decisions of other players in this practice game are
random and DO NOT REPRESENT the actual decisions of other players.

Practice results DO NOT count toward your final payment.

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-11 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-11 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------- --------------------------
  page\_title   `'Practice: Game Intro'`
  progress      `'Practice'`
  ------------- --------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-11 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Practice

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Practice: Game {#practice-game .card-title}
==============

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

<div class="card game-card z1" style="">

<div class="card-title game-title bg-success color-white py-2">

MONTH 1 (APRIL)

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="row">

<div class="col h2 py-1">

#### You have [10]{.game-variable .color-tokens} energy tokens. {#you-have-10-energy-tokens. .fs-inherit .lh-1 .my-0}

</div>

</div>

<div class="row">

<div class="col flex flex-valign flex-distribute h2 py-1">

#### How much energy do you want to contribute to the group conservation account this month? {#how-much-energy-do-you-want-to-contribute-to-the-group-conservation-account-this-month .fs-inherit .lh-1 .my-0}

</div>

</div>

<div class="row">

<div class="col flex flex-valign flex-distribute h2 py-1">

#### How much energy do you want to put in your private account this month? {#how-much-energy-do-you-want-to-put-in-your-private-account-this-month .fs-inherit .lh-1 .my-0}

<div id="personal"
class="color-private mx-2 game-variable token-box fs-inherit">

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div class="row my-2 mt-4">

<div class="col">

Remember, the decisions of other players in this practice game are
random and DO NOT REPRESENT the actual decisions of other players.

Practice results DO NOT count toward your final payment.

</div>

</div>

<div id="errors" class="form-control-errors"
style="display:none; font-size: 30px">

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-12 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-12 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ---------------- -----------------------
  current\_month   `'APRIL'`
  current\_round   `1`
  field\_name      `'practice_contrib1'`
  page\_title      `'Practice: Game'`
  progress         `'Practice'`
  ---------------- -----------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-12 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Practice

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Practice: Game Result {#practice-game-result .card-title}
=====================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| MONTH: 1        | APRIL           | CUMULATIVE      |                 |
| (APRIL)         |                 |                 |                 |
+=================+=================+=================+=================+
| [Your           | 0 tokens        | 0 tokens        |                 |
| contribution to |                 |                 |                 |
| the group       |                 |                 |                 |
| conservation    |                 |                 |                 |
| account:]{.row- |                 |                 |                 |
| title}          |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| [You put into   | 10 tokens       | 10 tokens       |                 |
| your private    |                 |                 |                 |
| account:]{.row- |                 |                 |                 |
| title}          |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| [Other          | [147 tokens]{}  | [147 tokens]{}  | [6 tokens       |
| residents total |                 |                 | average]{.text- |
| contributions   |                 |                 | muted}          |
| to the group    |                 |                 |                 |
| conservation    |                 |                 |                 |
| account:]{.row- |                 |                 |                 |
| title}          |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| [Total group    | [157            | [157            | []{#percentage  |
| conservation    | tokens]{.font-b | tokens]{.font-b | .text-muted}    |
| account         | old}            | old}            | <div            |
| contributions:] |                 |                 | class="percentt |
| {.row-title}    |                 |                 | ogoal">         |
|                 |                 |                 |                 |
|                 |                 |                 | 16% to goal     |
|                 |                 |                 |                 |
|                 |                 |                 | </div>          |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-13 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-13 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ----------------------------- ---------------------------
  avg\_contrib                  `Currency(6)`
  contributions\_round          `Currency(157)`
  contributions\_total          `Currency(157)`
  current\_month                `'APRIL'`
  current\_round                `1`
  game\_round                   `1`
  group\_contribution           `Currency(147)`
  group\_contribution\_total    `Currency(147)`
  page\_title                   `'Practice: Game Result'`
  percent\_goal                 `16`
  player\_contribution          `Currency(10)`
  player\_contribution\_total   `Currency(10)`
  player\_withheld              `Currency(0)`
  player\_withheld\_total       `Currency(0)`
  progress                      `'Practice'`
  ----------------------------- ---------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-13 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Practice

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Practice: Game {#practice-game-1 .card-title}
==============

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

<div class="card game-card z1" style="">

<div class="card-title game-title bg-success color-white py-2">

MONTH 2 (MAY)

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="row">

<div class="col h2 py-1">

#### You have [10]{.game-variable .color-tokens} energy tokens. {#you-have-10-energy-tokens.-1 .fs-inherit .lh-1 .my-0}

</div>

</div>

<div class="row">

<div class="col flex flex-valign flex-distribute h2 py-1">

#### How much energy do you want to contribute to the group conservation account this month? {#how-much-energy-do-you-want-to-contribute-to-the-group-conservation-account-this-month-1 .fs-inherit .lh-1 .my-0}

</div>

</div>

<div class="row">

<div class="col flex flex-valign flex-distribute h2 py-1">

#### How much energy do you want to put in your private account this month? {#how-much-energy-do-you-want-to-put-in-your-private-account-this-month-1 .fs-inherit .lh-1 .my-0}

<div id="personal"
class="color-private mx-2 game-variable token-box fs-inherit">

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div class="row my-2 mt-4">

<div class="col">

Remember, the decisions of other players in this practice game are
random and DO NOT REPRESENT the actual decisions of other players.

Practice results DO NOT count toward your final payment.

</div>

</div>

<div id="errors" class="form-control-errors"
style="display:none; font-size: 30px">

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-14 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-14 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ---------------- -----------------------
  current\_month   `'MAY'`
  current\_round   `2`
  field\_name      `'practice_contrib2'`
  page\_title      `'Practice: Game'`
  progress         `'Practice'`
  ---------------- -----------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-14 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Practice

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Practice: Game Result {#practice-game-result-1 .card-title}
=====================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| MONTH: 2        | APRIL           | CUMULATIVE      |                 |
| (APRIL)         |                 |                 |                 |
+=================+=================+=================+=================+
| [Your           | 0 tokens        | 0 tokens        |                 |
| contribution to |                 |                 |                 |
| the group       |                 |                 |                 |
| conservation    |                 |                 |                 |
| account:]{.row- |                 |                 |                 |
| title}          |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| [You put into   | 10 tokens       | 20 tokens       |                 |
| your private    |                 |                 |                 |
| account:]{.row- |                 |                 |                 |
| title}          |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| [Other          | [143 tokens]{}  | [290 tokens]{}  | [6 tokens       |
| residents total |                 |                 | average]{.text- |
| contributions   |                 |                 | muted}          |
| to the group    |                 |                 |                 |
| conservation    |                 |                 |                 |
| account:]{.row- |                 |                 |                 |
| title}          |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| [Total group    | [153            | [310            | []{#percentage  |
| conservation    | tokens]{.font-b | tokens]{.font-b | .text-muted}    |
| account         | old}            | old}            | <div            |
| contributions:] |                 |                 | class="percentt |
| {.row-title}    |                 |                 | ogoal">         |
|                 |                 |                 |                 |
|                 |                 |                 | 32% to goal     |
|                 |                 |                 |                 |
|                 |                 |                 | </div>          |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-15 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-15 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ----------------------------- ---------------------------
  avg\_contrib                  `Currency(6)`
  contributions\_round          `Currency(153)`
  contributions\_total          `Currency(310)`
  current\_month                `'APRIL'`
  current\_round                `2`
  game\_round                   `2`
  group\_contribution           `Currency(143)`
  group\_contribution\_total    `Currency(290)`
  page\_title                   `'Practice: Game Result'`
  percent\_goal                 `32`
  player\_contribution          `Currency(10)`
  player\_contribution\_total   `Currency(20)`
  player\_withheld              `Currency(0)`
  player\_withheld\_total       `Currency(0)`
  progress                      `'Practice'`
  ----------------------------- ---------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-15 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Practice

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Comprehension: Quiz {#comprehension-quiz .card-title}
===================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

<div class="container flex flex-col mx-0 p0">

Now that you have read the instructions and played 2 practice rounds, we
will give you a basic quiz to confirm that you understand the rules of
the game.

-   You'll be paid an additional **\$0.05 for each correct question**
-   **If you answer a question incorrectly**, you will be directed back
    to the relevant section of instructions. You will get a second
    chance to answer the question and will get paid for answering it
    correctly.
-   **After a second incorrect answer**, the computer will tell you the
    correct answer and you will NOT get the payment for that question.

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-16 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-16 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------- -------------------------
  page\_title   `'Comprehension: Quiz'`
  progress      `'Quiz'`
  ------------- -------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-16 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Quiz

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Comprehension: Quiz 1/4 {#comprehension-quiz-14 .card-title}
=======================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

<div class="section quiz-section">

Q1:

<div id="id_field_q1" class="form-group horiz-select">

On average, how many tokens will each player need to invest into the
group conservation account in each round in order to meet the 60% group
conservation goal:
-   2 tokens
-   3 tokens
-   6 tokens
-   11 tokens

<div id="id_field_q1_message" class="quiz_message">

<div class="success_msg">

[Correct!]{.text-success}

</div>

<div class="quiz_hint">

[Wrong!]{.text-danger} [ Please proceed to Review Instructions. You will
then return to this question and have one more opportunity to answer it
]{#hint_text}

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div class="otree-form-errors">

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

<div id="form_btn_box" class="quiz-buttons text-right">

Check Answers
Review Instructions
Continue

</div>

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-17 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-17 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  answer\_key   `{'q1': 3}`
  can\_review   `True`
  page\_title   `'Comprehension: Quiz 1/4'`
  progress      `'Quiz'`
  quiz\_hint    `'Please proceed to Review Instructions. You will then return to this question and have one more opportunity to answer it'`
  show\_hint    `False`
  ------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-17 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Quiz

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Review: Game Structure {#review-game-structure .card-title}
======================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

<div class="row">

<div class="col-xs-6 col-sm-6 col-md-6 col-lg-6">

### Game Structure

In this energy conservation game, you and [24]{.game-variable} other
players live in an apartment building that is **trying to reduce the
excess energy use by** [60%]{.game-variable}.

You have [6]{.game-variable} months ([6]{.game-variable} decision
rounds) to try to achieve it.

Your decisions affect both: **your cash earnings** from the experiment,
and **actual air pollution in the US**.

Note that all money dedicated to energy conservation will be **invested
through Carbonfund.org** to a program that actually eliminates pollution
from the air in the US.

</div>

<div class="col-xs-6 col-sm-6 col-md-6 col-lg-6">

![Responsive image](/static/assets/environmental-impact.jpg){.img-fluid}

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-18 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-18 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ----------------- ----------------------------
  classes           `{}`
  game\_players     `24`
  game\_rounds      `6`
  page\_title       `'Review: Game Structure'`
  progress          `'Examples'`
  reduction\_goal   `60`
  ----------------- ----------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-18 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Examples

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Comprehension: Quiz 1/4 {#comprehension-quiz-14-1 .card-title}
=======================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

<div class="section quiz-section">

Q1:

<div id="id_field_q1" class="form-group horiz-select">

On average, how many tokens will each player need to invest into the
group conservation account in each round in order to meet the 60% group
conservation goal:
-   2 tokens
-   3 tokens
-   6 tokens
-   11 tokens

<div id="id_field_q1_message" class="quiz_message">

<div class="success_msg">

[Correct!]{.text-success}

</div>

<div class="quiz_hint">

[Wrong!]{.text-danger} [ To meet the 60% energy conservation goal, each
player should contribute 6 energy tokens each month to the group
conservation account, resulting in 900 energy tokens at the end of the
game. ]{#hint_text}

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div class="otree-form-errors">

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

<div id="form_btn_box" class="quiz-buttons text-right">

Check Answers
Review Instructions
Continue

</div>

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-19 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-19 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  answer\_key   `{'q1': 3}`
  can\_review   `False`
  page\_title   `'Comprehension: Quiz 1/4'`
  progress      `'Quiz'`
  quiz\_hint    `'Please proceed to Review Instructions. You will then return to this question and have one more opportunity to answer it'`
  show\_hint    `True`
  ------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-19 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Quiz

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Comprehension: Quiz 2/4 {#comprehension-quiz-24 .card-title}
=======================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

<div class="section quiz-section">

<div id="id_field_q2" class="form-group">

Q2:

For each energy token in the group conservation account \$0.01 is
contributed to Carbonfund.org to reduce actual air pollution in the real
world:
-   True
-   False

<div id="id_field_q2_message" class="quiz_message">

<div class="success_msg">

[Correct!]{.text-success}

</div>

<div class="quiz_hint">

[Wrong!]{.text-danger} [ Please proceed to Review Instructions. You will
then return to this question and have one more opportunity to answer it
]{#hint_text}

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div class="otree-form-errors">

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

<div id="form_btn_box" class="quiz-buttons text-right">

Check Answers
Review Instructions
Continue

</div>

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-20 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-20 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  answer\_key        `{'q2': 1}`
  can\_review        `True`
  page\_title        `'Comprehension: Quiz 2/4'`
  participant.vars   `{'qattempts': {'q1': 2, 'q2': 0, 'q3a': 0, 'q3b': 0, 'q4a': 0, 'q4b': 0, 'q4c': 0, 'q4d': 0, 'q4e': 0, 'q4f': 0}, 'qcorrect': {'q1': 0, 'q2': 0, 'q3a': 0, 'q3b': 0, 'q4a': 0, 'q4b': 0, 'q4c': 0, 'q4d': 0, 'q4e': 0, 'q4f': 0}, 'player_contributions': [], 'player_witholdings': [], 'player_total_witheld': 0, 'player_total_contrib': 0, 'quiz_bonus': 0}`
  progress           `'Quiz'`
  q2\_attempts       `0`
  q2\_correct        `False`
  quiz\_hint         `'Please proceed to Review Instructions. You will then return to this question and have one more opportunity to answer it'`
  show\_hint         `False`
  ------------------ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-20 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Quiz

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

checking 3 {'q3a': True, 'q3b': False} answers \[1, 0\] returning true

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Comprehension: Quiz 4/4 {#comprehension-quiz-44 .card-title}
=======================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

<div class="section quiz-section flex-form-group py-2">

Q4a: **If there are 900 tokens in the group conservation account at the
end of the game (\$9.00) and you have 30 tokens left in your private
account (\$.30), then how much will you receive at the end of the
game?**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div id="id_field_q4a" class="form-group">

My payout from my private account is:
<div class="group-interflexer">

<div class="form-check form-check-inline">

\$0.00

</div>

<div class="form-check form-check-inline">

\$0.30

</div>

<div class="form-check form-check-inline">

\$3.00

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="id_field_q4a_message" class="quiz_message">

<div class="success_msg">

[Correct!]{.text-success}

</div>

<div class="quiz_hint">

[Wrong!]{.text-danger} [ Please proceed to Review Instructions. You will
then return to this question and have one more opportunity to answer it
]{#hint_text}

</div>

</div>

<div id="id_field_q4b" class="form-group">

My bonus payout from the group conservation account is:\
<div class="group-interflexer">

<div class="form-check form-check-inline">

\$0.72

</div>

<div class="form-check form-check-inline">

\$1.00

</div>

<div class="form-check form-check-inline">

\$2.72

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="id_field_q4b_message" class="quiz_message">

<div class="success_msg">

[Correct!]{.text-success}

</div>

<div class="quiz_hint">

[Wrong!]{.text-danger} [ Please proceed to Review Instructions. You will
then return to this question and have one more opportunity to answer it
]{#hint_text}

</div>

</div>

<div id="id_field_q4c" class="form-group">

Total payout is (private plus group conservation bonus):\
<div class="group-interflexer">

<div class="form-check form-check-inline">

\$0.50

</div>

<div class="form-check form-check-inline">

\$1.02

</div>

<div class="form-check form-check-inline">

\$3.72

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="id_field_q4c_message" class="quiz_message">

<div class="success_msg">

[Correct!]{.text-success}

</div>

<div class="quiz_hint">

[Wrong!]{.text-danger} [ Please proceed to Review Instructions. You will
then return to this question and have one more opportunity to answer it
]{#hint_text}

</div>

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

<div class="section quiz-section flex-form-group">

Q4b: **How would your payout at the end of the game change if the total
in the group conservation account had only 850 tokens?**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div id="id_field_q4d" class="form-group">

My payout from my personal account is:\
<div class="group-interflexer">

<div class="form-check form-check-inline">

\$0.00

</div>

<div class="form-check form-check-inline">

\$0.30

</div>

<div class="form-check form-check-inline">

\$3.00

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="id_field_q4d_message" class="quiz_message">

<div class="success_msg">

[Correct!]{.text-success}

</div>

<div class="quiz_hint">

[Wrong!]{.text-danger} [ Please proceed to Review Instructions. You will
then return to this question and have one more opportunity to answer it
]{#hint_text}

</div>

</div>

<div id="id_field_q4e" class="form-group">

My payout from the group conservation account is:\
<div class="group-interflexer">

<div class="form-check form-check-inline">

\$0.00

</div>

<div class="form-check form-check-inline">

\$1.00

</div>

<div class="form-check form-check-inline">

\$2.00

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="id_field_q4e_message" class="quiz_message">

<div class="success_msg">

[Correct!]{.text-success}

</div>

<div class="quiz_hint">

[Wrong!]{.text-danger} [ Please proceed to Review Instructions. You will
then return to this question and have one more opportunity to answer it
]{#hint_text}

</div>

</div>

<div id="id_field_q4f" class="form-group">

Total payout is (private plus group conservation bonus):\
<div class="group-interflexer">

<div class="form-check form-check-inline">

\$0.00

</div>

<div class="form-check form-check-inline">

\$0.30

</div>

<div class="form-check form-check-inline">

\$3.00

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="id_field_q4f_message" class="quiz_message">

<div class="success_msg">

[Correct!]{.text-success}

</div>

<div class="quiz_hint">

[Wrong!]{.text-danger} [ Please proceed to Review Instructions. You will
then return to this question and have one more opportunity to answer it
]{#hint_text}

</div>

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

<div class="otree-form-errors">

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

<div id="form_btn_box" class="quiz-buttons text-right">

Check Answers
Review Instructions
Continue

</div>

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-21 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-21 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  answer\_key         `{'q4a': 2, 'q4b': 1, 'q4c': 2, 'q4d': 2, 'q4e': 1, 'q4f': 2}`
  attempts            `0`
  can\_review         `0`
  page\_title         `'Comprehension: Quiz 4/4'`
  participant\_vars   `{'qattempts': {'q1': 2, 'q2': 1, 'q3a': 1, 'q3b': 1, 'q4a': 0, 'q4b': 0, 'q4c': 0, 'q4d': 0, 'q4e': 0, 'q4f': 0}, 'qcorrect': {'q1': 0, 'q2': 1, 'q3a': 1, 'q3b': 1, 'q4a': 0, 'q4b': 0, 'q4c': 0, 'q4d': 0, 'q4e': 0, 'q4f': 0}, 'player_contributions': [], 'player_witholdings': [], 'player_total_witheld': 0, 'player_total_contrib': 0, 'quiz_bonus': 0}`
  progress            `'Quiz'`
  q4\_hints           `['The correct answer is $0.30. You are paid $0.01 for each of the 30 energy tokens left in your private account.', 'The correct answer is $0.72. The 900 energy tokens meets the conservation goal, so the $9 is doubled to $18 and distributed equally to all 25 players, resulting in a $0.72 bonus pay.', ' The correct answer is $1.02. Add the energy token value in your private account ($0.30) and the bonus ($0.72) to get your final pay of $1.02.', 'The correct answer is $0.30. You are paid $0.01 for each of the 30 energy tokens left in your private account, even if the group does not meet the conservation goal of 900 tokens', 'The correct answer is $0.00. The 850 energy tokens do not meet the group conservation goal of 900 energy tokens, so no conservation bonus is paid. ', ') The correct answer is $0.30. Add the energy token values in your private account ($0.30) and the bonus from the group conservation account ($0.00) to get your final pay of $0.30.']`
  show\_hint          `False`
  ------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-21 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Quiz

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Game: Introduction {#game-introduction .card-title}
==================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

This concludes our game instruction, practice, and quiz.

Now, you will play the energy conservation game.

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-22 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-22 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ----------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  page\_title       `'Game: Introduction'`
  participantvars   `{'qattempts': {'q1': 2, 'q2': 1, 'q3a': 1, 'q3b': 1, 'q4a': 1, 'q4b': 1, 'q4c': 1, 'q4d': 1, 'q4e': 1, 'q4f': 1}, 'qcorrect': {'q1': 0, 'q2': 1, 'q3a': 1, 'q3b': 1, 'q4a': 1, 'q4b': 1, 'q4c': 1, 'q4d': 1, 'q4e': 1, 'q4f': 1}, 'player_contributions': [], 'player_witholdings': [], 'player_total_witheld': 0, 'player_total_contrib': 0, 'quiz_bonus': 0}`
  progress          `'Game'`
  ----------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-22 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Game

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Energy Game {#energy-game .card-title}
===========

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

<div class="row">

<div class="col">

<div id="progress-bar">

Game progress indicator {#game-progress-indicator .off-screen}
-----------------------

1.  []{.count .highlight-index} [current
    question:]{.current-donation-step .off-screen}
2.  []{.count .hint-index}
3.  []{.count .hint-index}
4.  []{.count .hint-index}
5.  []{.count .hint-index}
6.  []{.count .hint-index}

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card game-card z1">

MONTH 1 (APRIL) {#month-1-april .card-title .game-title}
---------------

<div class="card-body">

<div class="row">

<div class="col h2 py-1">

#### You have [10]{.game-variable .color-tokens} energy tokens. {#you-have-10-energy-tokens.-2 .fs-inherit .lh-1 .my-0}

</div>

</div>

<div class="game-row flex flex-distribute flex-valign">

How much energy do you want to contribute to the group conservation
account this month?

</div>

<div class="game-row flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

How much energy do you want to keep in your private account this month?
<div id="personal"
class="mx-2 color-private game-variable token-box input-placeholder">

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="errors" class="form-control-errors">

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-23 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-23 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ---------------- -----------------
  current\_month   `'APRIL'`
  current\_round   `1`
  page\_title      `'Energy Game'`
  progress         `'Game'`
  ---------------- -----------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-23 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Game

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Energy Game Results {#energy-game-results .card-title}
===================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

  MONTH: 1 (APRIL)                                                                                                     APRIL                                 CUMULATIVE
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------- -------------------------------------
  Your contributed to the group conservation account:                                                                  5                                     5
  You put into your private account::                                                                                  5                                     5
  Other residents total contributions to the group conservation account:                                               145                                   [105]{.font-bold .color-conserve}
  Total group conservation account contributions:                                                                      [ 150 ]{.font-bold .color-conserve}   [ 150 ]{.font-bold .color-conserve}
  [150 ]{.font-bold .color-info}/[ 900]{.font-bold .color-green} = [16.67%]{.font-bold .color-dark} of goal achieved                                         [6.0 average]{.font-bold}

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-24 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-24 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ----------------------------- -------------------------
  avg\_contrib                  `6.0`
  current\_month                `'APRIL'`
  current\_round                `1`
  game\_total\_contrib          `150`
  group\_goal                   `900`
  group\_round\_contributions   `145`
  group\_round\_total           `150`
  group\_round\_withholdings    `[]`
  group\_total\_witheld         `105`
  page\_title                   `'Energy Game Results'`
  percent\_complete             `'16.67'`
  player\_contrib\_total        `5`
  player\_contributed           `5`
  player\_past\_contributions   `[5]`
  player\_past\_witholdings     `[5]`
  player\_total\_witheld        `5`
  player\_withheld              `5`
  progress                      `'Game'`
  total\_players                `25`
  ----------------------------- -------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-24 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Game

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Energy Game {#energy-game-1 .card-title}
===========

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

<div class="row">

<div class="col">

<div id="progress-bar">

Game progress indicator {#game-progress-indicator-1 .off-screen}
-----------------------

1.  []{.count .highlight-index}
2.  []{.count .highlight-index} [current
    question:]{.current-donation-step .off-screen}
3.  []{.count .hint-index}
4.  []{.count .hint-index}
5.  []{.count .hint-index}
6.  []{.count .hint-index}

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card game-card z1">

MONTH 2 (MAY) {#month-2-may .card-title .game-title}
-------------

<div class="card-body">

<div class="row">

<div class="col h2 py-1">

#### You have [10]{.game-variable .color-tokens} energy tokens. {#you-have-10-energy-tokens.-3 .fs-inherit .lh-1 .my-0}

</div>

</div>

<div class="game-row flex flex-distribute flex-valign">

How much energy do you want to contribute to the group conservation
account this month?

</div>

<div class="game-row flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

How much energy do you want to keep in your private account this month?
<div id="personal"
class="mx-2 color-private game-variable token-box input-placeholder">

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="errors" class="form-control-errors">

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-25 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-25 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ---------------- -----------------
  current\_month   `'MAY'`
  current\_round   `2`
  page\_title      `'Energy Game'`
  progress         `'Game'`
  ---------------- -----------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-25 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `2`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Game

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Energy Game Results {#energy-game-results-1 .card-title}
===================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

  MONTH: 2 (MAY)                                                                                                       MAY                                   CUMULATIVE
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------- -------------------------------------
  Your contributed to the group conservation account:                                                                  7                                     12
  You put into your private account::                                                                                  3                                     8
  Other residents total contributions to the group conservation account:                                               144                                   [211]{.font-bold .color-conserve}
  Total group conservation account contributions:                                                                      [ 151 ]{.font-bold .color-conserve}   [ 301 ]{.font-bold .color-conserve}
  [301 ]{.font-bold .color-info}/[ 900]{.font-bold .color-green} = [33.44%]{.font-bold .color-dark} of goal achieved                                         [6.04 average]{.font-bold}

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-26 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-26 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ----------------------------- -------------------------
  avg\_contrib                  `6.04`
  current\_month                `'MAY'`
  current\_round                `2`
  game\_total\_contrib          `301`
  group\_goal                   `900`
  group\_round\_contributions   `144`
  group\_round\_total           `151`
  group\_round\_withholdings    `[]`
  group\_total\_witheld         `211`
  page\_title                   `'Energy Game Results'`
  percent\_complete             `'33.44'`
  player\_contrib\_total        `12`
  player\_contributed           `7`
  player\_past\_contributions   `[5, 7]`
  player\_past\_witholdings     `[5, 3]`
  player\_total\_witheld        `8`
  player\_withheld              `3`
  progress                      `'Game'`
  total\_players                `25`
  ----------------------------- -------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-26 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `2`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Game

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Energy Game {#energy-game-2 .card-title}
===========

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

<div class="row">

<div class="col">

<div id="progress-bar">

Game progress indicator {#game-progress-indicator-2 .off-screen}
-----------------------

1.  []{.count .highlight-index}
2.  []{.count .highlight-index}
3.  []{.count .highlight-index} [current
    question:]{.current-donation-step .off-screen}
4.  []{.count .hint-index}
5.  []{.count .hint-index}
6.  []{.count .hint-index}

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card game-card z1">

MONTH 3 (JUNE) {#month-3-june .card-title .game-title}
--------------

<div class="card-body">

<div class="row">

<div class="col h2 py-1">

#### You have [10]{.game-variable .color-tokens} energy tokens. {#you-have-10-energy-tokens.-4 .fs-inherit .lh-1 .my-0}

</div>

</div>

<div class="game-row flex flex-distribute flex-valign">

How much energy do you want to contribute to the group conservation
account this month?

</div>

<div class="game-row flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

How much energy do you want to keep in your private account this month?
<div id="personal"
class="mx-2 color-private game-variable token-box input-placeholder">

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="errors" class="form-control-errors">

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-27 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-27 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ---------------- -----------------
  current\_month   `'JUNE'`
  current\_round   `3`
  page\_title      `'Energy Game'`
  progress         `'Game'`
  ---------------- -----------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-27 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `3`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Game

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Energy Game Results {#energy-game-results-2 .card-title}
===================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

  MONTH: 3 (JUNE)                                                                                                      JUNE                                  CUMULATIVE
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------- -------------------------------------
  Your contributed to the group conservation account:                                                                  6                                     18
  You put into your private account::                                                                                  4                                     12
  Other residents total contributions to the group conservation account:                                               146                                   [315]{.font-bold .color-conserve}
  Total group conservation account contributions:                                                                      [ 152 ]{.font-bold .color-conserve}   [ 453 ]{.font-bold .color-conserve}
  [453 ]{.font-bold .color-info}/[ 900]{.font-bold .color-green} = [50.33%]{.font-bold .color-dark} of goal achieved                                         [6.08 average]{.font-bold}

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-28 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-28 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ----------------------------- -------------------------
  avg\_contrib                  `6.08`
  current\_month                `'JUNE'`
  current\_round                `3`
  game\_total\_contrib          `453`
  group\_goal                   `900`
  group\_round\_contributions   `146`
  group\_round\_total           `152`
  group\_round\_withholdings    `[]`
  group\_total\_witheld         `315`
  page\_title                   `'Energy Game Results'`
  percent\_complete             `'50.33'`
  player\_contrib\_total        `18`
  player\_contributed           `6`
  player\_past\_contributions   `[5, 7, 6]`
  player\_past\_witholdings     `[5, 3, 4]`
  player\_total\_witheld        `12`
  player\_withheld              `4`
  progress                      `'Game'`
  total\_players                `25`
  ----------------------------- -------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-28 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `3`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Game

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Energy Game {#energy-game-3 .card-title}
===========

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

<div class="row">

<div class="col">

<div id="progress-bar">

Game progress indicator {#game-progress-indicator-3 .off-screen}
-----------------------

1.  []{.count .highlight-index}
2.  []{.count .highlight-index}
3.  []{.count .highlight-index}
4.  []{.count .highlight-index} [current
    question:]{.current-donation-step .off-screen}
5.  []{.count .hint-index}
6.  []{.count .hint-index}

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card game-card z1">

MONTH 4 (JULY) {#month-4-july .card-title .game-title}
--------------

<div class="card-body">

<div class="row">

<div class="col h2 py-1">

#### You have [10]{.game-variable .color-tokens} energy tokens. {#you-have-10-energy-tokens.-5 .fs-inherit .lh-1 .my-0}

</div>

</div>

<div class="game-row flex flex-distribute flex-valign">

How much energy do you want to contribute to the group conservation
account this month?

</div>

<div class="game-row flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

How much energy do you want to keep in your private account this month?
<div id="personal"
class="mx-2 color-private game-variable token-box input-placeholder">

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="errors" class="form-control-errors">

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-29 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-29 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ---------------- -----------------
  current\_month   `'JULY'`
  current\_round   `4`
  page\_title      `'Energy Game'`
  progress         `'Game'`
  ---------------- -----------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-29 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `4`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Game

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Energy Game Results {#energy-game-results-3 .card-title}
===================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

  MONTH: 4 (JULY)                                                                                                      JULY                                  CUMULATIVE
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------- -------------------------------------
  Your contributed to the group conservation account:                                                                  4                                     22
  You put into your private account::                                                                                  6                                     18
  Other residents total contributions to the group conservation account:                                               148                                   [417]{.font-bold .color-conserve}
  Total group conservation account contributions:                                                                      [ 152 ]{.font-bold .color-conserve}   [ 605 ]{.font-bold .color-conserve}
  [605 ]{.font-bold .color-info}/[ 900]{.font-bold .color-green} = [67.22%]{.font-bold .color-dark} of goal achieved                                         [6.08 average]{.font-bold}

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-30 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-30 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ----------------------------- -------------------------
  avg\_contrib                  `6.08`
  current\_month                `'JULY'`
  current\_round                `4`
  game\_total\_contrib          `605`
  group\_goal                   `900`
  group\_round\_contributions   `148`
  group\_round\_total           `152`
  group\_round\_withholdings    `[]`
  group\_total\_witheld         `417`
  page\_title                   `'Energy Game Results'`
  percent\_complete             `'67.22'`
  player\_contrib\_total        `22`
  player\_contributed           `4`
  player\_past\_contributions   `[5, 7, 6, 4]`
  player\_past\_witholdings     `[5, 3, 4, 6]`
  player\_total\_witheld        `18`
  player\_withheld              `6`
  progress                      `'Game'`
  total\_players                `25`
  ----------------------------- -------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-30 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `4`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Game

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Energy Game {#energy-game-4 .card-title}
===========

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

<div class="row">

<div class="col">

<div id="progress-bar">

Game progress indicator {#game-progress-indicator-4 .off-screen}
-----------------------

1.  []{.count .highlight-index}
2.  []{.count .highlight-index}
3.  []{.count .highlight-index}
4.  []{.count .highlight-index}
5.  []{.count .highlight-index} [current
    question:]{.current-donation-step .off-screen}
6.  []{.count .hint-index}

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card game-card z1">

MONTH 5 (AUGUST) {#month-5-august .card-title .game-title}
----------------

<div class="card-body">

<div class="row">

<div class="col h2 py-1">

#### You have [10]{.game-variable .color-tokens} energy tokens. {#you-have-10-energy-tokens.-6 .fs-inherit .lh-1 .my-0}

</div>

</div>

<div class="game-row flex flex-distribute flex-valign">

How much energy do you want to contribute to the group conservation
account this month?

</div>

<div class="game-row flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

How much energy do you want to keep in your private account this month?
<div id="personal"
class="mx-2 color-private game-variable token-box input-placeholder">

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="errors" class="form-control-errors">

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-31 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-31 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ---------------- -----------------
  current\_month   `'AUGUST'`
  current\_round   `5`
  page\_title      `'Energy Game'`
  progress         `'Game'`
  ---------------- -----------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-31 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `5`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Game

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Energy Game Results {#energy-game-results-4 .card-title}
===================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

  MONTH: 5 (AUGUST)                                                                                                    AUGUST                                CUMULATIVE
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------- -------------------------------------
  Your contributed to the group conservation account:                                                                  0                                     22
  You put into your private account::                                                                                  10                                    28
  Other residents total contributions to the group conservation account:                                               150                                   [517]{.font-bold .color-conserve}
  Total group conservation account contributions:                                                                      [ 150 ]{.font-bold .color-conserve}   [ 755 ]{.font-bold .color-conserve}
  [755 ]{.font-bold .color-info}/[ 900]{.font-bold .color-green} = [83.89%]{.font-bold .color-dark} of goal achieved                                         [6.0 average]{.font-bold}

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-32 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-32 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ----------------------------- -------------------------
  avg\_contrib                  `6.0`
  current\_month                `'AUGUST'`
  current\_round                `5`
  game\_total\_contrib          `755`
  group\_goal                   `900`
  group\_round\_contributions   `150`
  group\_round\_total           `150`
  group\_round\_withholdings    `[]`
  group\_total\_witheld         `517`
  page\_title                   `'Energy Game Results'`
  percent\_complete             `'83.89'`
  player\_contrib\_total        `22`
  player\_contributed           `0`
  player\_past\_contributions   `[5, 7, 6, 4, 0]`
  player\_past\_witholdings     `[5, 3, 4, 6, 10]`
  player\_total\_witheld        `28`
  player\_withheld              `10`
  progress                      `'Game'`
  total\_players                `25`
  ----------------------------- -------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-32 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `5`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Game

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Energy Game {#energy-game-5 .card-title}
===========

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

<div class="row">

<div class="col">

<div id="progress-bar">

Game progress indicator {#game-progress-indicator-5 .off-screen}
-----------------------

1.  []{.count .highlight-index}
2.  []{.count .highlight-index}
3.  []{.count .highlight-index}
4.  []{.count .highlight-index}
5.  []{.count .highlight-index}
6.  []{.count .highlight-index} [current
    question:]{.current-donation-step .off-screen}

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card game-card z1">

MONTH 6 (SEPTEMBER) {#month-6-september .card-title .game-title}
-------------------

<div class="card-body">

<div class="row">

<div class="col h2 py-1">

#### You have [10]{.game-variable .color-tokens} energy tokens. {#you-have-10-energy-tokens.-7 .fs-inherit .lh-1 .my-0}

</div>

</div>

<div class="game-row flex flex-distribute flex-valign">

How much energy do you want to contribute to the group conservation
account this month?

</div>

<div class="game-row flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

How much energy do you want to keep in your private account this month?
<div id="personal"
class="mx-2 color-private game-variable token-box input-placeholder">

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="errors" class="form-control-errors">

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-33 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-33 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ---------------- -----------------
  current\_month   `'SEPTEMBER'`
  current\_round   `6`
  page\_title      `'Energy Game'`
  progress         `'Game'`
  ---------------- -----------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-33 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `6`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Game

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Energy Game Results {#energy-game-results-5 .card-title}
===================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

  MONTH: 6 (SEPTEMBER)                                                                                                  SEPTEMBER                             CUMULATIVE
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------- -------------------------------------
  Your contributed to the group conservation account:                                                                   0                                     22
  You put into your private account::                                                                                   10                                    38
  Other residents total contributions to the group conservation account:                                                148                                   [619]{.font-bold .color-conserve}
  Total group conservation account contributions:                                                                       [ 148 ]{.font-bold .color-conserve}   [ 903 ]{.font-bold .color-conserve}
  [903 ]{.font-bold .color-info}/[ 900]{.font-bold .color-green} = [100.33%]{.font-bold .color-dark} of goal achieved                                         [5.92 average]{.font-bold}

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-34 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-34 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ----------------------------- -------------------------
  avg\_contrib                  `5.92`
  current\_month                `'SEPTEMBER'`
  current\_round                `6`
  game\_total\_contrib          `903`
  group\_goal                   `900`
  group\_round\_contributions   `148`
  group\_round\_total           `148`
  group\_round\_withholdings    `[]`
  group\_total\_witheld         `619`
  page\_title                   `'Energy Game Results'`
  percent\_complete             `'100.33'`
  player\_contrib\_total        `22`
  player\_contributed           `0`
  player\_past\_contributions   `[5, 7, 6, 4, 0, 0]`
  player\_past\_witholdings     `[5, 3, 4, 6, 10, 10]`
  player\_total\_witheld        `38`
  player\_withheld              `10`
  progress                      `'Game'`
  total\_players                `25`
  ----------------------------- -------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-34 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `6`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Game

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

    =================================================================================================================
        #  |  P  | BOTS                                                                    |  t   Δt   x̄    Δx̄
    -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    || (1) [  5 | 8 10 10  9  8  8  7  7  6  6  6  5  5  4  4  4 10  9  8  3  3  2  2  1 ] | 150      6.00         || 150
    || (2) [  7 | 8  9 10  9  8  7  7  7  5  6  6  6  5  4  5  4 10  9  8  3  3  2  2  1 ] | 151 (+1) 6.04 (+0.04) || 301
    || (3) [  6 | 8  9 10  9  8  7  7  7  5  7  6  6  5  5  5  4 10  9  8  3  3  2  2  1 ] | 152 (+1) 6.08 (+0.04) || 453
    || (4) [  4 | 8  9 10  9  8  7  7  7  5  7  7  7  5  5  5  4 10  9  8  3  3  2  2  1 ] | 152      6.08         || 605
    || (5) [  0 | 8  9 10  9  8  7  7  7  6  7  7  7  6  5  5  4 10  9  8  3  3  2  2  1 ] | 150 (-2) 6.00 (-0.08) || 755
    || (6) [  0 | 8  8 10  9  8  6  7  7  6  7  7  7  6  5  5  4 10  9  8  3  3  2  2  1 ] | 148 (-2) 5.92 (-0.08) || 903
    -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    GAME TOTAL:                  903
    _________________________________________________________
    PLAYER:
      player_contributions           22 [5, 7, 6, 4, 0, 0]
      total contrib                  22 22
      total witheld                  38 38
      total_payoff                   $1.10
      quiz_bonus                     0
      game_bonus                     72
      payoff                         72 tokens
      self.participant.payoff        125 tokens
      payoff_plus_partip_fee         $1.75



    {'qattempts': {'q1': 2, 'q2': 1, 'q3a': 1, 'q3b': 1, 'q4a': 1, 'q4b': 1, 'q4c': 1, 'q4d': 1, 'q4e': 1, 'q4f': 1}, 'qcorrect': {'q1': 0, 'q2': 1, 'q3a': 1, 'q3b': 1, 'q4a': 1, 'q4b': 1, 'q4c': 1, 'q4d': 1, 'q4e': 1, 'q4f': 1}, 'player_contributions': [5, 7, 6, 4, 0, 0], 'player_witholdings': [5, 3, 4, 6, 10, 10], 'player_total_witheld': 38, 'player_total_contrib': 22, 'quiz_bonus': 15, 'quiz_data': "{'correct': [0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1], 'attempts': [2, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1]}"}

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Your Group's Air Pollution Reduction Result {#your-groups-air-pollution-reduction-result .card-title}
===========================================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

<div id="cert_frame" class="card"
style="background:transparent; border-color: transparent">

<div class="card-body">

![Carbonfund Certificate](/static/assets/carbonfund.jpg){.img-fluid}
<div id="carbonfund_reduction_lbs">

Thank you for reducing **1986 lbs** tonnes of CO2 emissions by donating
**\$9.03**

</div>

<div id="carbonfund_reduction_date">

**04/14/2020**

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Download PDF
Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-35 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-35 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ---------------- -------------------------------------------------
  amount           `RealWorldCurrency(9.03)`
  current\_month   `'OCTOBER'`
  current\_round   `6`
  lbs              `'1986 lbs'`
  page\_title      `"Your Group's Air Pollution Reduction Result"`
  progress         `'Game'`
  ---------------- -------------------------------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-35 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `7`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Game

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Final Game Result {#final-game-result .card-title}
=================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

Congratulations, you met the 60% group energy conservation goal of 900 energy tokens. {#congratulations-you-met-the-60-group-energy-conservation-goal-of-900-energy-tokens. .h3 .text-upper .font-bold .bg-success .py-2 .text-center}
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  [YOUR FINAL RESULTS]{}                                             [Energy Tokens]{}   [USD]{}
  ------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------- ---------
  Your total contributions to the group conservation account:        22 tokens           \$0.22
  Your group's donation to Carbonfund.org to reduce air pollution:   903 tokens          \$9.03
  Group bonus for meeting the goal:                                  +72 tokens          +\$0.72
  Energy tokens in your personal account:                            38 tokens           \$0.38
  Additional pay (\$.05 / question) for correct answers on quiz:     15 tokens           \$0.15
  Your participation pay:                                                                \$0.50
  TOTAL PAY TO YOU:                                                                      \$1.75

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

[NOTE: Before you receive your pay, you will need to answer a brief
survey.]{.color-red .text-biggerfont-italic .font-bold}

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-36 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-36 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  -------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  bonus\_tokens              `Currency(72)`
  bonus\_tokens\_usd         `RealWorldCurrency(0.72)`
  carbonfund\_total          `Currency(903)`
  carbonfund\_total\_usd     `RealWorldCurrency(9.03)`
  game\_total\_contrib       `Currency(903)`
  game\_total\_usd           `RealWorldCurrency(9.03)`
  goal\_meet                 `True`
  page\_title                `'Final Game Result'`
  participation\_pay\_usd    `RealWorldCurrency(0.50)`
  player\_contributed        `Currency(22)`
  player\_contributed\_usd   `RealWorldCurrency(0.22)`
  player\_withheld           `Currency(38)`
  player\_withheld\_usd      `RealWorldCurrency(0.38)`
  progress                   `'Game'`
  quiz\_bonus                `Currency(15)`
  quiz\_bonus\_usd           `RealWorldCurrency(0.15)`
  result\_message            `'Congratulations, you met the 60% group energy conservation goal of 900 energy tokens.'`
  total\_pay                 `RealWorldCurrency(1.75)`
  -------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-36 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `7`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Game

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Post-Game Survey 2/4 {#post-game-survey-24 .card-title}
====================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

<div>

Please answer as honestly as possible. Remember your responses are
anonymous.

</div>

<div class="section likert-form" style="width: 100%">

<div class="form-header form-group py-1 bg-grey900">

Rate the following:
<div class="controls text-center text-upper">

-   Definitely false
-   Probably false
-   Not sure
-   Definitely true
-   Probably true

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

I like to help other people:
<div class="controls field-s2a0">

-   1
-   2
-   3
-   4
-   5

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

I like to share my ideas and materials with others:
<div class="controls field-s2a1">

-   1
-   2
-   3
-   4
-   5

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

People learn lots of important things from each other:
<div class="controls field-s2a2">

-   1
-   2
-   3
-   4
-   5

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

I work to get better than others:
<div class="controls field-s2a3">

-   1
-   2
-   3
-   4
-   5

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

I like to be the best at what I do:
<div class="controls field-s2a4">

-   1
-   2
-   3
-   4
-   5

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

I like the challenge of seeing who is best:
<div class="controls field-s2a5">

-   1
-   2
-   3
-   4
-   5

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

I don't like working with others:
<div class="controls field-s2a6">

-   1
-   2
-   3
-   4
-   5

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

It bothers me when I have to work with others:
<div class="controls field-s2a7">

-   1
-   2
-   3
-   4
-   5

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

I work better when I do it all myself:
<div class="controls field-s2a8">

-   1
-   2
-   3
-   4
-   5

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-37 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-37 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------- --------------------------
  page\_title   `'Post-Game Survey 2/4'`
  progress      `'Survey'`
  ------------- --------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-37 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Survey

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Post-Game Survey 3/4 {#post-game-survey-34 .card-title}
====================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

People often express concern about environmental problems, but some
people differ as to which consequences concern them the most. We are
going to list different areas where environmental problems could have
harmful consequences. **Please rate how concerned you are about
environmental harms in each area below.**

<div class="section likert-form fb-4060" style="width: 100%">

<div class="bg-grey900">

<div class="form-header form-group">

<div class="controls text-center text-upper">

-   Not at all concerned
-   A little concerned
-   Moderately concerned
-   Very concerned
-   Extremely concerned

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

Plants:
<div class="controls field-s3a0">

-   -   -   -   -   

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

Marine life:
<div class="controls field-s3a1">

-   -   -   -   -   

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

Birds:
<div class="controls field-s3a2">

-   -   -   -   -   

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

Animals:
<div class="controls field-s3a3">

-   -   -   -   -   

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

My prosperity:
<div class="controls field-s3a4">

-   -   -   -   -   

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

My lifestyle:
<div class="controls field-s3a5">

-   -   -   -   -   

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

My health:
<div class="controls field-s3a6">

-   -   -   -   -   

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

My future:
<div class="controls field-s3a7">

-   -   -   -   -   

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

People in my community:
<div class="controls field-s3a8">

-   -   -   -   -   

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

The human race:
<div class="controls field-s3a9">

-   -   -   -   -   

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

Children:
<div class="controls field-s3a10">

-   -   -   -   -   

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-38 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-38 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------- --------------------------
  page\_title   `'Post-Game Survey 3/4'`
  progress      `'Survey'`
  ------------- --------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-38 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Survey

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Post-Game Survey 4/4 {#post-game-survey-44 .card-title}
====================

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

<div class="section two-col-form" style="width: 100%">

<div class="form-group required">

What is your year of birth?
<div class="controls field-s4a1">

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

What is your gender?
<div class="controls field-s4a2">

--------- Male Female Other

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

What term best describes your racial identity?
<div class="controls field-s4a3">

--------- American Indian/Alaska Native Asian Black or African-American
Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander White Other

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

What is your economic status?
<div class="controls field-s4a4">

--------- Full time employed Full time student Part time employed Part
time student Other

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

How many multi-player game experiments like the one you just played have
you participated in before this one?
<div class="controls field-s4a5">

--------- None 1-2 previous 3-5 previous More than 5 previous

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

Are your responses reliable enough for us to include them in our
academic research that will have real implications on energy and housing
community policy making?
<div class="controls field-s4a6">

--------- Yes No

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

Which political party do you most identify with?
<div class="controls field-s4a7">

--------- Democrat Republican Independent Other

</div>

</div>

<div class="form-group required">

How many years have you lived in the US?
<div class="controls field-s4a8">

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\

<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-39 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-39 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------- --------------------------
  page\_title   `'Post-Game Survey 4/4'`
  progress      `'Survey'`
  ------------- --------------------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-39 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

Survey

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div class="card page-card shadow-lg">

<div class="card-header bg-grey800 card-header color-white">

Debriefing {#debriefing .card-title}
==========

</div>

<div class="card-body">

<div class="container card-content">

<div class="row content-area">

<div class="col">

Thank you for participating in our study!
-----------------------------------------

> *Feedback Design for Sustainable Home Energy Management\
> PI: Sabine Brunswicker, Technology Leadership and Innovation\
> Co-PIs: Dr. Leigh Raymond, Political Science, and Marlen Promann,
> Computer Graphics Technology\
> Purdue University\
> **\#IRB-2019-540**\
> *

**This study involved deception.** This means that we did not provide
you with the complete description of the purpose of the study and some
of the methods or instruments used had a different purpose than how we
described them. Deception is used in research when knowledge of the
purpose of the study or certain aspects of the study may bias
participant responses. Deception involves either false information – a
"cover story" – or omission of certain information. The purpose of this
form is to explain the true purpose of the study and/or provide
information that had been omitted. You also will be asked permission to
use the information we obtained from you during your participation.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**IN SHORT:** We did not tell you that you played against agents (vs.
other people) that were programmed to play with specific levels of
cooperation in order to better analyze participants' conservation
choices. We initially omitted this information from you because we did
not want to bias your responses.

**LONG EXPLANATION:** We seek to understand how visual and textual cues
in energy feedback affect peoples’ cooperative decisions in social
energy conservation contexts. To do this, we have to study individual
decision making in a group context. Group dynamics; however, often leads
to high variability making it very difficult to get statistically
significant results. To be able to test our hypotheses we held the
social context constant for all of our participants. Meaning, all
participants played with the exact same set of agents whose behaviors
emulated actual human behavior based on past empirical research. We
initially omitted this information from you because we did not want to
bias your responses.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Now that you understand the true nature of our study, you have the
chance to refuse the use of the data we collected from you for research
purposes. You are free to ask us not to use your data in our study
analysis. If you decline to let us use your data, you will still receive
the monetary compensation just as you would if we use your data in our
analysis. This is entirely voluntary, but we hope to analyze as much
data as possible to better understand how textual and visual cues may
enhance sustainable cooperation in communities.

**Because this experiment is ongoing, we request that you not share the
true nature and purpose of this experiment with others who might
potentially participate in our study.**

### Who can I contact if I have questions about the study?

**If you have questions, comments or concerns about this research
project**, you can talk to one of the researchers via email:
<opendigital@purdue.edu>. If you have questions about your rights while
taking part in the study or have concerns about the treatment of
research participants, please call the Human Research Protection Program
at [(765) 494-5942](tel:765-494-5942), email (<irb@purdue.edu>) or
report anonymously via Purdue's Hotline:
[www.purdue.edu/hotline.](https://purdue.edu/hotline)

### Documentation of Informed Consent:

I HAVE HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO READ THIS CONSENT FORM AND HAVE THE
RESEARCH STUDY MORE FULLY EXPLAINED, INCLUDING THE NEED FOR AND USE OF
DECEPTION. I CAN SCREEN PRINT THIS INFORMED CONSENT DOCUMENT FOR MY OWN
RECORDS. BY SELECTING “YES” BELOW AND CLICKING THE SUBMIT BUTTON, I GIVE
MY PERMISSION FOR THE RESEARCHERS TO USE MY DATA.

<div class="content-confirmation"
style="padding:1em 1em 0em 1em; border: 1px solid #a58c8c; margin:2em;font-weight:bold;">

-   Yes, I give my permission for the researchers to use my data.
-   No, I do not give permission for the researchers to use my data.
    Please discard the data you obtained from me.

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Please LEAVE THE Amazon Turk WINDOW OPEN as you complete the study**.
When finished, you will return to that page to paste the study
completion CODE into the Amazon Turk box. This is technically needed for
you to receive your payment.

</div>

</div>

<div
class="card-footer bg-inherit text-right flex flex-distribute flex-vcenter">

<div class="card-message">

</div>

Next

</div>

</div>

</div>

\
\
\
\
\
<div class="card debug-info">

##### Debug info {#debug-info-40 .card-header}

<div class="card-body">

###### Vars for template {#vars-for-template-40 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------- ----------------
  page\_title   `'Debriefing'`
  progress      `'End'`
  ------------- ----------------

</div>

</div>

<div class="card-body">

###### Basic info {#basic-info-40 .card-title}

<div class="scrollable">

  ------------------- ------------
  ID in group         `1`
  Group               `1`
  Round number        `1`
  Participant         `P1`
  Participant label   ``
  Session code        `pkdwfnzv`
  ------------------- ------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="myProgress" class="bg-grey700">

<div id="myBar" class="bg-info color-white">

<div class="text-center text-small font-bold py-1">

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div id="disconnected-alert" class="top-left-fixed-alert"
style="visibility: hidden">

Lost server connection

</div>

------------------------------------------------------------------------
